Speaker 1 (0001) Hey, I'm Andy, one of the lead machine learning recruiters here at pH Data. I want to take just a few minutes to review the expectations for your upcoming machine learning project challenge that you'll be completing as part of the interview process. The goal of this is to simulate the kind of real work that we do here. So we're not looking for a perfect solution. We're really looking to understand how you think your approach to problem solving and how you communicate that to both a technical and a non-technical audience. So this challenge is going to be related to a real estate scenario where you predict housing prices and present it to two different audiences. One is for the business audience, the non-technical portion explaining how it benefits the real estate market. Why would a real estate agent or investor want to use this particular tool The second is for the engineering side, the technical portion, really explaining how it all works. (0052)So what you're going to do is you're going to be given a basic Python ML model and API that predicts housing prices. You'll need to implement imputation logic defined in a data science notebook provided in the repo, as well as some other fixes outlined in the candidate prompt. The API takes house details as input and automatically joins in zip code demographic data behind the scenes capable of returning results if some data is missing. So you'll create a small script that sends house data to the API and shows that predictions come back correctly. Remember, this does not have to be fancy, it just has to prove that it works on the presentation piece itself. Keep in mind the interview is about 60 minutes. So your presentation is roughly half of it. The first portion is the business audience and the interview panel will be the same throughout. (0141)They'll just be wearing different hats. So pretend the hiring panel are real estate professionals and really explain the value to them. This tool will help you save time, estimating home prices, and here's how it would fit into your process. And then break it down, present it at a clear and high level understanding. Keep it focused on business value and the outcomes that they will be looking for. The second part is the technical audience, and this is where you get to have some fun. You'll get to dive into the details, explain how the API and your newly implemented Imputation Logic works implemented. Imputation logic works, how scaling and model updates would work, how you measure performance, walk through your design decisions, the trade-offs that you made, the architecture choices, explain how you would handle real world considerations. So they're going to want to know how you consider scalability, security monitoring, versioning deployment. (0234)And then on the real world readiness piece, they'll want to know how you evaluate your awareness of ML lops practises. So touch on model registries, feature stores, CICD monitoring and how that can fit into your presentation. They're also going to want to see some breadth across operational areas and some depth in at least one cloud AWS is preferred, but please just use whatever you're most comfortable with. And remember, we expect you to use ai, but it should augment your understanding and development workflow, but not replace it. So make sure whatever you use AI for, you're able to explain in detail and anything that you use AI to create and then expect a lot of questions when you're done presenting. The team is much less concerned with perfection and much more interested in understanding how you think, how you structure solutions, and then how you communicate that to both audiences. (0325)So just a few key takeaways. Try not to overcomplicate it. Build the simplest working solution first. And remember, there's no single right answer for this. Different approaches are acceptable as long as the core requirements are met. So they'll be asking themselves throughout, can you adapt Can you do research Can you make reasonable trade-offs Can you explain to both a business and a technical audience and understand what's most important to them And then are you able to build something that works without over-engineering it or making it too complicated So just some success tips. Just try to balance the presentation. Start with the business clarity and dive into the technical depth. You can have one presentation for each, or do them both on the same slide deck, whatever works best for you. And just make sure you always explain the why. Justify your design decisions and trade-offs. (0417)Think real world. Think about your projects that you've been involved in. Translate your solution and how it would scale into production. Demonstrate your machine learning operations awareness. Show the right mindset. Have a little curiosity, show a little humility and cultural alignment that they're looking for. Just asking questions, really tailoring it to what you think that stakeholder is interested in. At the end, they're going to provide you with some time to ask questions. So show some interest in the projects and the day-to-day work that we have. Do some research on our website and read some blogs. Ask questions about what makes them excited about working at pH data. Really anything that you think will be relevant or important in your decision. That's essentially the challenge. Remember, it's really more than just code. It's about understanding how you think, how you structure solutions and why, and then how you communicate that to your audience. So we're really excited to see your approach. I wish you the very best of luck. And just please let us know if you have any questions along the way. And remember when you're ready to present the solution, reach out to me, provide a few days and times, and then we'll go ahead and get it scheduled for you and I'll be here to support you along the way. Thank you for the time.